
to ITP
Due to a startling lack of participants in my GitHub songwriting experiment (  https://github.com/ErinFinnegan/SongAboutForLoops  ), I turned to Mechanical Turk... and got some results:


----------------

"Start the loop with a number you know,
Set the number of times and tell it go,
Something will happen each step of the way,
Once it reaches the max then there it will stay."

----------------

"Set j to zero, that's less than four
Next add one to j and do some things
j is now 1, still less than four, I'll check it again three times more
In between checks I'll do some work, but when j is four I'm exiting"

----------------
"When I want to complete some code in one fell swoop
The first thing I turn to is my trusty for loop
When I need my code to repeat a fixed number of times
The for loop will do it, it can even be used to make clock chimes"

----------------

"Want to learn some javascript dude?
You need the right technical attitude.
Know about your for loops, man.
Don't say ""no,"" say ""Yes I can.""

Gotta know that they loop a certain way.
They loop through a block of code, maybe all day.
Gotta know what your want for a start value.
A continue or end condition, that's all up to you.

Don't forget about your increase value.
And also your statement, make it coo'.
Wanna know Javascript, don't be a zero.
Learn your for loops, and be a hero."

-----------

Here are instructions I gave:

Write one stanza of a song, rap, or poem about "for loops". The song should be explanatory, for teaching purposes, aimed at kids 8-12, so no swearing or explicit lyrics.

    Each stanza should be exactly four lines long.  Each line should not be longer than 25 words.  Ideally, around 5-10 words per line.
    Use either an ABBA or an ABAB rhyming scheme. Iambic pentameter or other forms of rhyming are also acceptable. No free verse, please.
    Your submission must be at least 10 words long but no more than 80 words. No award will be given for submissions of less than 10 words.
    The lyrics must be about "for loops".
    You do not need to write the music.

